readme.md, before:

# Necessary Software

- Slack
  - Have this installed on your computer rather than use the web app.
- VScode
- Zoom
- Git bash
- Node
  - Current version; Not LTS

# Extensions

- Auto Close Tag
- Auto Import
- Auto Import - ES6, TS, JSX, TSX
- Auto Rename Tag
- Better Comments
- Bracket Pair Colorizer 2
- Code Spell Checker
- Color Highlight
- colorize
- ES7 React/Redux/GraphQL/React-Native snippets
  - we may end up creating our own snippet library to replace this one
- Git Graph
- Highlight Matching Tag
- Javascript Booster
- Mantas Third Eye
- Material Color
- npm intellisense
- Path Autocomplete
- vscode-styled-components

- Prettier

  - open you settings.json file add add these lines

  ```js
  "editor.tabSize": 2,
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "emmet.includeLanguages": {
    "javascript": "javascriptreact"
  },
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "[html]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "[typescriptreact]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "vscode.typescript-language-features"
  },
  ```

Note:

To open the settings.json file press and hold:

- `ctrl + SHIFT + p`.

In the text box that opens type:

- `settings (JSON)`

Click on the matching result and you will be in the settings.json file

Commit message:

add(instruction): modify for Ubuntu machines

readme.md, after:

# Necessary Software

- Slack
  - Have this installed on your computer rather than use the web app.
  - Search and install "Slack" in Ubuntu Software
- VScode
  - Search "VScode" and install "code" in Ubuntu Software
- Zoom
  - follow this address : https://zoom.us/download?os=linux
  - Choose linux type: "Ubuntu"
  - Double click the .deb file that was downloaded and it should begin the install
- Node
  - Do not install node from Ubuntus repos; it is out of date (version: 10)
  - Begin by installing curl `sudo apt install curl`
  - Verify installation `curl --version`
  - Run this command `curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/master/install.sh | bash`
  - Run all three just to be sure : `source ~/.profile` `source ~/.bashrc` `source ~/.zshrc`
  - Confirm latest LTS version available
    - `nvm list-remote`
  - In my case the latest LTS version was v16.13.0 `nvm install v16.13.0`
    - The latest version of node (17.01) does not work with current version of expo. LTS is guaranteed to be stable.

# Extensions

- Auto Close Tag
- Auto Import
- Auto Import - ES6, TS, JSX, TSX
- Auto Rename Tag
- Better Comments
- Bracket Pair Colorizer 2
- Code Spell Checker
- Color Highlight
- colorize
- ES7 React/Redux/GraphQL/React-Native snippets
  - we may end up creating our own snippet library to replace this one
- Git Graph
- Highlight Matching Tag
- Javascript Booster
- Mantas Third Eye
- Material Color
- npm intellisense
- Path Autocomplete
- vscode-styled-components

- Prettier

  - open you settings.json file add add these lines

  ```js
  "editor.tabSize": 2,
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "emmet.includeLanguages": {
    "javascript": "javascriptreact"
  },
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "[html]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "[typescriptreact]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "vscode.typescript-language-features"
  },
  ```

Note:

To open the settings.json file press and hold:

- `ctrl + SHIFT + p`.

In the text box that opens type:

- `settings (JSON)`

Click on the matching result and you will be in the settings.json file
